[Music]
this may sound strange but for years
I've pretended to be married my wife
beats me in front of my kids
no I know how wrong it is but there's no
strings attached and nobody gets hurt
once we got married and I thought you
stopped okay
can you put this wedding ban on a true
heart that's a yes I swear to God I
could see myself ending up with this
girl did you say what I think you just
said how about I take your number and
you can take you on a date
I got a business card in my pocket
what's this a circle tell her the truth
let me practice you'd be her oh good
okay hold on anyways um I wear this fake
wedding ring your pig oh yeah
just tell her you're getting a divorce
it's over we're gonna sign the papers in
a couple of days and okay I just need to
hear it from her you want it what do you
mean I need to meet her
how about if she texts you would that be
good
cannot believe I'm doing more to create
the illusion I had a hot first one now
it's okay come on let's go
is that her hello
bori why are you wearing it I'm just
playing the part I give you my blessing
I have to tweet to all my friends oh
gosh I forgot you're 15 to them how did
you just kick me no did you did you kick
their fight your Kippur
from Columbia Pictures hello honey you
know how I feel about you selling your
brother's stuff on eBay you would think
you have kids we have stored them a
little bit a little bit of children all
right Adam Sandler let's do it
Jennifer Aniston my kids have you
completely lost your mind
my pride and joy Kiki Dee and Bart hi
you guys face on my BP just go with it
yeah I create a fake family for that
give me some fake hugs right now and
laugh real loud
in a minute okay
[Music]
you